Sphenomorphus variegatus - lizard from family skink, lives mainly in Philippines, Malesia and Indonesia.
Shad-darshana Darpana - Hinidi book from 1860. It is a critique of  six orthodox schools of  Hindu philosophy.
Talgo Avril - High speed train, made by Talgo in 2012. Hybrid propulsion.
Gay Morning America - emited in Manhattan Public, from 1983 to 1985, show also featured commercials for Greenwich Village gay establishments.
Virtual twins - children who aren't geneticly similar, but in similar age, and are reared toger since infancy.
PT Delta Djakarta - brewing company founded in 1932, from Indonesia.
Skinks - lizards from family Scincidae, most common on subarctic regions.
Gymnoscelis smirsi - moth from family Geometridae, live in Norfolk Island.
Sauce andalouse - Belgian souce, made from mayo, tomato paste, and peppers.
Wagashi - traditional Japanese confectionery using plant-based ingredients.
Conforama - European home furnishings store.
SN 1954aa - supernova discovered in 1964 in galaxy NGC 4129
NGC 796 (aka. ESO 30-SC6) - open cluster in hydrus constellation, discovered in 1835.
Greek cross - cross with equal lines.
Državna članska liga - highest chess league in Slovenia.
XFree86 - free acces implementation of X Window System works on different types of Unix.
Heuristic - ability to discover new facts and find relationships between facts.
Nafusa Mountains campaign -  series of battles in Libyan Civil War, fought between pro-Gaddafi forces and anti-Gaddafi forces.
Coriolopsis gallica - fungus found growing on decaying wood, family polyporaceae.
Reef knot - used to connect two ropes of similar thickness.
 Incredible Adventures of Ten Socks (Four Right and Six Left) - children's book from  series  Incredible Adventures of Ten Socks, written by Justyna Bednarek.
Idionyx travancorensis - species of dragonfly in  family Synmistidae.
Conservation status - Scale showing how threatened with extinction a given species is.
Conservation status (EX) - re are no known living individuals. - Extinct
Conservation status (EW) - Known only to survive in captivity, or as a naturalized population outside its historic range. - Extinct in  wild
Conservation status (CR) - Highest risk of extinction in  wild. - Critically Endangered
Conservation status (EN) - Higher risk of extinction in  wild. - Endangered
Conservation status (VU) - High risk of extinction in  wild. - Vulnerable
Conservation status (NR) - Likely to become endangered in  near future. - Near Threatened
Conservation status (CD) - Low risk. - Conservation Dependent
Conservation status (LC) - Very Low risk. - Least concern
Conservation status (DD) - Not enough data to make an assessment of its risk of extinction. - Data deficient
Conservation status (NE) - Has not yet been evaluated against  criteria. - Not evaluated.
Khakassia - autonomous republic in Russian Federation.
Columbia - class submarine - nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines of  United States Navy.
Heyworth - village in McLean County, Illinois, United States.
Refractometry - method for studying physicochemical properties of substances based on measurements of ir refractive indices.
Spyridon of Tremituntu - bishop, saint of Catholic and Orthodox Church.
rapeutic dose - amount of chemical substance or ionizing radiation that, when administered, causes functional changes within physiological limits, producing desired rapeutic effect.
voiced dental fricative (ð) - type of consonant sound found in natural languages.
Vientiane Prefecture - prefecture of Laos, in northwest Laos.
The Big Three - Joseph Stalin, Winston Churchill, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Impulse - signal of finite duration that has specific parameters describing its characteristics.
Smoke candle DMCh-5M - type of smoke candle used by Polish People's Army.
Most speed cameras (Europe) - Italy; ~7050
Titan arum - flour which during blooming smells like decomposing body.
Emus - only bird with calf muscles.
House of Commons - you can't go into House of Commons in armor.
Capybara - largest living rodent.
Fire - fire dosen't have shadow.
Strawberries - strawberries have more vitamin C than citrus.
tennis balls - y used to be white.
Chess board - from 64 board squares you can make 204 squares.
Birds bones - y are mainly empty.
Ant-eaters - y have no teeth and instead use ir tongue to eat food.
Skin - skin is largest body organ.
Blood - rarest blood type is AB.
Birthday problem - 23 people toger, re's a 50% chance two people will have  same birthday, but for 100% you need 366.
LEGO - name came from Danish words “Leg Godt”.
4 - is only number with same number of letters as its value.
Australia - it is wider than moon.
Switzerland code - Switzerland uses CH as domain, be cause Confoederatio Helvetica.
Baby rabbits - are called kits.
Moon - moon has moonquakes.
Longest town name - town with longest name is in New Zeland, it's "Taumata­whakatangihanga­koauau­o­tamatea­turi­pukaka­piki­maunga­horo­nuku­pokai­whenua­ki­tana­tahu".
